src/content/resources/philly-birds/_index.md, before:

---
title: Philly Birds
description: Listing of birds found in Philadelphia
date: 2025-02-20T11:53:36-05:00
---

Philadelphia hosts many bird species to look out for.

<!--more-->

Of course, this is not a comprehensive list of all birds that can be found in Philadelphia.
However, they are what may be seen during our outings.

{{< toc >}}

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### European starling

*Sturnus vulgaris*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American robin

*Turdus migratorius*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern cardinal

*Cardinalis cardinalis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern mockingbird

*Mimus polyglottos*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Gray catbird

*Dumetella carolinensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Carolina wren

*Thryothorus ludovicianus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Eastern phoebe

*Sayornis phoebe*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Golden-crowned kinglet

*Regulus satrapa*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ruby-crowned kinglet

*Corthylio calendula*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Tufted titmouse

*Baeolophus bicolor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Carolina chickadee

*Poecile carolinensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### White-breasted nuthatch

*Sitta carolinensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-breasted nuthatch

*Sitta canadensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Brown creeper

*Certhia americana*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ovenbird

*Seiurus aurocapilla*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Chimney swift

*Chaetura pelagica*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Sparrows

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### House sparrow

*Passer domesticus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### White-throated sparrow

*Zonotrichia albicollis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Song sparrow

*Melospiza melodia*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American tree sparrow

*Spizelloides arborea*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Fox sparrow

*Passerella iliaca*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Chipping sparrow

*Spizella passerina*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Dark-eyed junco

*Junco hyemalis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Finches

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### House finch

*Haemorhous mexicanus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Purple finch

*Haemorhous purpureus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American goldfinch

*Spinus tristis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Corvids

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### American crow

*Corvus brachyrhynchos*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Fish crow

*Corvus ossifragus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Common raven

*Corvus corax*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Blue jay

*Cyanocitta cristata*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Pigeons

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Feral pigeon

*Columba livia domestica*

{{< /cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Mourning dove

*Zenaida macroura*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Blackbirds

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-winged blackbird

*Agelaius phoeniceus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Common grackle

*Quiscalus quiscula*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Woodpeckers

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Downy woodpecker

*Dryobates pubescens*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-bellied woodpecker

*Melanerpes carolinus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Yellow-bellied sapsucker

*Sphyrapicus varius*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern flicker

*Colaptes auratus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Swallows

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Barn swallow

*Hirundo rustica*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Tree swallow

*Tachycineta bicolor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Waterfowl

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Mallard

*Anas platyrhynchos*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Wood duck

*Aix sponsa*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ruddy duck

*Oxyura jamaicensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern shoveler

*Spatula clypeata*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American woodcock

*Scolopax minor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Canada goose

*Branta canadensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Mute swan

*Cygnus olor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Great blue heron

*Ardea herodias*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Double-crested cormorant

*Nannopterum auritum*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Horned grebe

*Podiceps auritus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Seabirds

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ring-billed gull

*Larus delawarensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American herring gull

*Larus smithsonianus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Birds of Prey

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-tailed hawk

*Buteo jamaicensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-shouldered hawk

*Buteo lineatus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Cooper's hawk

*Astur cooperii*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Bald eagle

*Haliaeetus leucocephalus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Peregrine falcon

*Falco peregrinus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American kestrel

*Falco sparverius*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Turkey vulture

*Cathartes aura*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

Commit message:

add banner image for philly birds page

src/content/resources/philly-birds/_index.md, after:

---
title: Philly Birds
description: Listing of birds found in Philadelphia
date: 2025-02-20T11:53:36-05:00
resources:
    - name: banner
      src: Michelle-Lin_2025-02-01_11-45.webp
---

Philadelphia hosts many bird species to look out for. Take a look and try to recognize them!

<!--more-->

Of course, this is not a comprehensive list of all birds that can be found in Philadelphia.
However, they are what may be seen during our outings.

{{< toc >}}

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### European starling

*Sturnus vulgaris*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American robin

*Turdus migratorius*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern cardinal

*Cardinalis cardinalis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern mockingbird

*Mimus polyglottos*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Gray catbird

*Dumetella carolinensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Carolina wren

*Thryothorus ludovicianus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Eastern phoebe

*Sayornis phoebe*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Golden-crowned kinglet

*Regulus satrapa*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ruby-crowned kinglet

*Corthylio calendula*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Tufted titmouse

*Baeolophus bicolor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Carolina chickadee

*Poecile carolinensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### White-breasted nuthatch

*Sitta carolinensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-breasted nuthatch

*Sitta canadensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Brown creeper

*Certhia americana*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ovenbird

*Seiurus aurocapilla*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Chimney swift

*Chaetura pelagica*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Sparrows

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### House sparrow

*Passer domesticus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### White-throated sparrow

*Zonotrichia albicollis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Song sparrow

*Melospiza melodia*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American tree sparrow

*Spizelloides arborea*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Fox sparrow

*Passerella iliaca*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Chipping sparrow

*Spizella passerina*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Dark-eyed junco

*Junco hyemalis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Finches

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### House finch

*Haemorhous mexicanus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Purple finch

*Haemorhous purpureus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American goldfinch

*Spinus tristis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Corvids

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### American crow

*Corvus brachyrhynchos*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Fish crow

*Corvus ossifragus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Common raven

*Corvus corax*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Blue jay

*Cyanocitta cristata*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Pigeons

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Feral pigeon

*Columba livia domestica*

{{< /cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Mourning dove

*Zenaida macroura*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Blackbirds

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-winged blackbird

*Agelaius phoeniceus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Common grackle

*Quiscalus quiscula*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Woodpeckers

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Downy woodpecker

*Dryobates pubescens*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-bellied woodpecker

*Melanerpes carolinus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Yellow-bellied sapsucker

*Sphyrapicus varius*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern flicker

*Colaptes auratus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Swallows

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Barn swallow

*Hirundo rustica*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Tree swallow

*Tachycineta bicolor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Waterfowl

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Mallard

*Anas platyrhynchos*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Wood duck

*Aix sponsa*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ruddy duck

*Oxyura jamaicensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Northern shoveler

*Spatula clypeata*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American woodcock

*Scolopax minor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Canada goose

*Branta canadensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Mute swan

*Cygnus olor*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Great blue heron

*Ardea herodias*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Double-crested cormorant

*Nannopterum auritum*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Horned grebe

*Podiceps auritus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Seabirds

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Ring-billed gull

*Larus delawarensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American herring gull

*Larus smithsonianus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Birds of Prey

{{< cards >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-tailed hawk

*Buteo jamaicensis*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Red-shouldered hawk

*Buteo lineatus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Cooper's hawk

*Astur cooperii*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Bald eagle

*Haliaeetus leucocephalus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Peregrine falcon

*Falco peregrinus*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### American kestrel

*Falco sparverius*

{{< /card >}}
{{< card >}}

### Turkey vulture

*Cathartes aura*

{{< /card >}}
{{< /cards >}}
